                          ___________________

                           DEVICE REACH DASH

                              Richard Cool
                          ___________________


Table of Contents
_________________




Hi Caranina, I (finally) have a version of the dashboard for ads up
where it can be accessed. This project has hit every possible obstacle
on the way (the worst of which was my own over-engineering of the
problem). I had a prototype ready before Chrismas but ran into issues
using the new "paved path" for web apps (it sure felt like a backwoods
trail that only the locals recognized to me). Then when I got those
fixed, I ran into issues with DNS servers. All compounded with a rapidly
deteriorating dog at home who we just had to let go. I hate excuses,
this is more of I know this took too long, I'm very sorry, but know it
was pure incompetance.

To get around the deployment issues, today I (quickly, so please do pass
along any bugs that crop up while I catch up on tests) integrated the
device reach views into QoEDash. It doesn't feel like this is the
permanent home but it works for now. I will ensure any go/links point to
the proper location should the time come to find it's forever home.
Right now, I can only publish to test as qoeDash itself has some changes
in flight, but the test version is the same data, so should get you
visibility.

[go/deviceReachDash]

I would love feedback on any aspects of metrics or presentations that
would help you. Currently, I show any error that inhibited playback on
an ads-plan account including many that aren't related to ads (such as
using a vpn). You can always filter out the non-ads reasons if wanted.
There are some changes that still need finished (in rough priority
order)

1. Right now filters are not propogated to the link, so you will have to
   re-enter them each visit, I will get reloadable URLs added asap
2. If you split by a high-cardinality dimension (like device-type-name)
   the dashboard will show the top 10 in volume. I need to let users
   customize both the number and the sorting metric. For example, you
   may want to see 10 device_type_ids with the worst successrate that
   had at least 10,000 attempts in the last week.
3. The ability to choose which metric is charted in some plots.
   Basically, you would be able to select any of the metrics available
   in the tooltips.
4. A quick and dirty data build (give me these metrics split in these
   dimensions) that will then provide a table, optional CSV download and
   a BDP SQl link to help with data access.

Extending the logics and even data tables to live when its launched
should be straight forward *knock on wood*. So I don't expect the lag
time in that case. I apologize again for the extreme wait on this.

Hi Caranina, I sent you an email (the text ended up being a bit long and
didn't want a flood to hit your slack on friday afternoon). TL;DR you
can see the current version the dashboard you requested years and years
ago at go/deviceReachDash. More details in the email, but happy to get
any feedback or to sitdown and iterate on any aspects to be sure your
needs are met.


[go/deviceReachDash] <https://go.netflix.com/deviceReachDash>
